Okay, everybody.
We're all set.
Rolling.
Okay Ralph, can you do the
opening clap for me please?
You want me to do it now?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, go ahead.
Just like that.
Oh, perfect.
Oh, just like in the movies.
That's it.
So my name is Ralph.
I'm a rabbit, as you can see.
I'm blind in my right eye and this
ear, it can't hear anything except
that whistling sound.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
It's a pain, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
So I've had my fur shaved off and
I've got chemical burns all over my
back.
It stings a bit, but it's not so bad,
it really hurts when I breathe or
move.
Ouch!
Yes, yes, it hurts.
But in the end, it doesn't
matter, we do it for humans, right?
They're far
superior to us, the animals.
They've even been to space.
Have you ever seen
a rabbit in a rocket?
I don't think so.
My point is, I'm not a space bunny.
I'm a tester.
My father was a tester.
My mother, my brothers, my
sisters, my children, all testers.
And they all died doing their jobs.
I know what's in store for me, but it
doesn't matter, we were born to test,
it makes us rabbits happy.
Hmm.
Mwah.
Pffff.
Ah!
I've got to get to work.
And.
I know it sounds awful, but
to me, I'm just doing my job.
If nothing but a human can feel
like a safer or delighted lipstick or
deodorant.
What's with the camera crew, buddy?
Oh, they're following me around
to make a documentary or something.
You can ask them if
they can get us out of here.
Like grandpa said.
If you'd like.
If you don't want to.
It's okay guys, I get it.
You can.
You can cut that out, right?
Oh, here we go!
Ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch!
Ouch!
So.
So, in conclusion,
I'd like to say that.
Ah, sorry.
Sorry, Ralph.
Could you please turn around?
No, that's okay.
That's better.
Yes, yes, that's much better.
But thank you, my friend.
Keep going, keep going.
Okay.
So there you have it, I'd just like
to say to everyone who still buys
cosmetics tested on animals like eye
pencils, shampoo, sunscreen, pretty
much everything in your bathroom.
Well, without you and without the
countries that allow animal testing,
I'd be out of a job.
I'd be homeless.
Well, not really
homeless, more like in a field.
What do you see?
Like a normal rabbit.
But hey.
It's all good.